# Carroto2029
 
Game developed in Unity
Note: This game was developed for 1920x1080 resolution and 16:9 aspect ratio. To make sure the game's layout is correct run the executable in that resolution. To make sure the game's layout is correct in the Unity editor set the "Game" tab aspect ratio to 16:9, I would also recommend to click the "Maximise on play" button.
Game Context
It’s the year 2029. The world has been invaded by abnormally intelligent aliens from a planet called “Carroto”. The aliens believe that to save planet Earth from global warming which humans are causing, they need to collect all of Earth’s carrot supplies because they need them to power atmosphere filters which the Carrotians developed to restore the Earth’s atmosphere back to normal. To make this happen the Carrotians (Residents of the planet Carroto) force the world governments to collapse so they can implement their own rule over Earth. However, as with any drastic change on our planet there is a rebellion: Vegetarians. They believe that carrots are an essential part of their diet and they simply cannot give up (what they believe to be) the most important resource that the Earth has provided for humanity. Because the Carrotian authorities made possession, growing and sale of carrots illegal the resource has become scarce, therefore, the monetary rewards from selling carrots have rapidly escalated, but so have the costs of running such a business. You are in control of a Vegetarian going by the name of Phil which has the ambition to be the biggest carrot distributer on this planet, the only obstacle? The Carrotian Police.
Game Description
At the start of the game the player gets 10 carrot seeds, access to an insecure allotment, and a £1000. One seed has the potential to flower into one carrot, however, it may not flower at all. The player can decide whether they want to harvest before the carrots release seeds which takes 1 second per one carrot or whether they want to collect after the seeds are released which takes 2 seconds per one carrot, however, if the flowering is unsuccessful the carrot cannot release seeds. Once carrots are harvested the player should be displayed a report of how many carrots flowered successfully. To increase the probability of successful flowering the player can invest in allotment upgrades. There are two ways of selling the carrots, you can sell them one at a time or a whole batch at once. If you sell them one at a time then the reward is £10 per one carrot, however, the risk of getting caught by the Carrotian Police is higher, it also takes 1 second to sell one carrot, and therefore, the more carrots you want to sell the longer you must wait. If you decide to sell the carrots all at once the risk of getting caught is smaller and you receive the money instantly, however the profit is £4 per one carrot. If the player gets caught selling carrots the game should enter chase mode. Chase mode will be a 2d game mode where the player is in control of an in-game character which is constantly running, as the player runs randomly placed platforms should be generated. In order to survive the player must jump onto the platforms and not fall off. There should be randomly generated spikes on some of the generated platforms. If the player touches the spikes they lose. There should also be randomly generated carrots for the player to pick up and add to the amount of they have. If the player falls of the screen they lose. The objective of this game mode is to survive as long as possible. The longer you survive the more experience you gain which eventually increases your level and allows you to purchase better allotment upgrades. The player also must make sure that they invest in securing their allotment so that the risk of getting caught decreases, once the player has enough money they should be able to buy a new, plain allotment without upgrades to increase the carrot production. The goal of the game is to achieve the highest level that you can.

